how everybody it's a video update at
long last
I've been really busy in the store good
to see loads of customers in the shop
and we've got some nice stuff in as well
so new kits new snares and one talk
about London drum show this year yeah
let's come up with weeks time so we look
forward to seeing you they on the bows
were there with George miss Jessie and
yeah it should be a busy show there's
some great players there as well so make
sure you come along to that if we also
with Roland so there'll be offers on
rolling kits and Sabian and GW are
launching a new design series as well
which will be on the sabian stand and
they'll be an offer on that cable i
think a lot of changes here extend
attack and we were big like China and we
start of week yes Andy and Jim are sadly
no longer with us and ease off drum tech
in my dearest further his career he's
going yet becoming a teacher so that's
that good news about Robbie seen he's
back after a two-year absence we create
a bra be back on ball and rob has just
been doing some fantastic stuff with the
videos and the updates the soundbooth
section of the YouTube is the new
feature where you can hear all the drums
these friends are subscribe to our
channel p make sure you do yeah
everything we're going to be in a day
loads of stuff there'll be loads of new
snare those new symbols letting the kids
game video
if you after any more information on any
of the products that you'll see on our
youtube channel please if you can email
us or call us we will answer loads
quicker than if you comment on YouTube
or Facebook we're getting quicker out
for yet if you can do then you get on
some pretty much straight away so
not bad terrain
this is the new DW performance series
they've just launched this is the DW
phones gig bop kit he actually is a
shallow 12 Thomas 12 a Tom got an 18 by
falling bass drum and a 14 x 14 floor
tom and this car is the new tobacco
Satan which is available as in all the
performance ranges and its costs for
lack of finish and so yeah this is a new
fish which is all available right now
really nice looking clear and yeah the
latter for 1199 and it's all USA made so
pocket
let's go let's go here is the new
gretsch renowned 2013 model this is
really cool services to 24 x 16 bass
drum we have a phone by nine and a 60 by
60 and this is the satin black with
chrome hardware diecast soups really
cool new badge sounds amazing we gonna
do a video this rule shortly so you can
hear it we also have super moist apart
which will show you will a biscuit up on
the soundbooth section of our youtube
channel so you can hear it and other
colors available and yes we could check
out
they're this is the new pot pie Squealer
kick of build edibles downforce it's in
natural lacquer it's very popular the
Great King 2218 10 a 12 9 16 16 and the
snares optional 14 by seven yeah and
it's got the hourglass lug as Scott is
in for me are used to call it the pinch
lab because it looks like it's been
pinched but come off it twit so now a
gloss on our last great kick brick money
for money good looking kit as well
natural maple is ageless and it never
that never bites but if you had it a
long time then probably with a 16 years
but it's like not getting it we're not
kids are loud loud now though so yeah
papaya your number thank you
lots of co Fonzie stop at the moment
you're a problem in particular festival
season we've got lines starting from
literary 89 paired up once they're all
selling good yes our lives in stock
those different colors noises they all
do something different so yeah coming
stop and sorry fry and what's wrong with
doing live kahan and our cushion for
your buttons really yeah so a universal
just try that oh it's got grip on the
end not sluicing beautiful that 19
pounds as always check out
say
SJC delivery as well we just got this
new vintage pit we've done them before
and we've got this one back it's a cream
ripple with colonial stain hoops and the
shield badges which is recalling these
are a ply single round overbearing edges
and make my kick drum very nice
beautifully anyway we like to say thank
your ups again for watching we'll see
you again Bruce Irvin yeah
than demo
they really good we've got the lowes
online as well so yeah pop down to the
store and check them out this is the
good time is cut today and how's you as
your buttons hogs are dead Thanks oh
really slow internet Thank we'd only 30
pounds you get nice comfortable one did
a walk in again yeah it's car with you
come a little bit quicker than that yeah
I prepare so many interosseous means
media hello Ted you're about 15 seconds
Oh